all right we're back let's do this shall
we we've got to go Rescue an apprentice
magos what a beautiful aesthetic
man some gagles doing gagle things I
mean look at the scale of 40K though
this is a [__] door it's just
ridiculous the fact that
this is silly as well because this is a
Space Marine size door but not a gasman
sized door if I was a gsman this door is
ludicrous doors in real life what are
they average 6' 7 I think that's the
average door frame at least in the UK I
think it's pretty much like that in in
the West in general 6' S Doors that's
like a 9ft door and then the rest of it
it's just so silly what was that looks
like a neuro place to move the inside
that
building you're a
Thro turn it let spend their numbers oh
what have I got here oh I picked up a
stalker Bolter yes oh [__]
wait oh oh
[__] trying the the Power sword but oh
God this is not a good
St oh that yeah that's just a Power
Swap I think we'll just go back to the
chainsa it's the most consistent it
seems
reload sir have you faced a neurer
before I have a tricky adversary
yeah so soccer Bolter
H I'm good at distance but not great for
clearing out hard of
harmers not a lot of
ammo here we go
checko
instigator is this like the uh burst
fight yep burst fire carbine carbine a
rod lemon R going to get BL up by
near tell me it
doesn't
what SP
Marines slicing dice baby
K up
[__] they
never reloading
resupply now I kill about 10
against they annoy me
greatly another one dead
nice that wasn't too bad varelis is that
you Chiron bless the emperor it's good
to see you where's your
squad G neuro tore them to Pieces
what we need to get across the bridge
[__] H man how many Space Marines are
we losing Beast up there what are we up
against it has its rear covered and we
do not have the manow to break through
the cave Ians are holding the bridge at
Great cost set up assault positions by
the bridge we'll deal with the neuro thr
very
well ooh boss fight time we will avenge
them brother we will avenge them
brother we will slay the synaptic
horror gut it from the inside out and
enjoy the frill a direct assault on the
rear guard
now
got
good man the devourers in the back are
ridiculous need to reload do way too
much damage
C are sail my senses here we
go [__] hell I'm still in Bob
strangle
fire god damn it went down restock it
they will not get p
yeah [__] this we're going to a Mel a
rifle oh how did he hit me
there I forgot I have a Plasma Pistol as
well how do you know
we serve together in night company I owe
him my life how so we were once
defending the stronghold from
Monas me P he dread against my head
appear cut the bastard's armor and beat
him to death with
it let us honor him by avenging his men
you do get plenty of ammo in the
campaign I feel like you get way more in
the campaign than you do in PVE
operations a [__] sake it's right in
front of
me thought it was behind me
oh maxman is
semi-auto reloading a new
one nice
scan Li
neutralized that wasn't too bad what
else have we got down here
then there must be something to leave
all this
open yeah g this we shall go fire Death
gross they're dropping these melter
bombs oh no that's shock grenades yeah
we want them shock grenades are amazing
they do crazy AOE damage and stun and
it's just
brilliant truly truly something
brilliant let's go
I've got to fiddle with this brother
what happened on aring attack good can
you be specific I would sooner focus on
the mission at hand you are withholding
information relevant to the mission at
hand this is like single Target Sergeant
your behavior has been ertic you force
your way into classified P you tell us
nothing AOE gadri we deserve to know who
is leing this okay this conversation is
over Cannon maintenance report 1.2.8
one she's holding her shape and her form
real Beauty this one hope she gets to
see action each day I cleanse the sand
from her joints oil the gears I honor
the machine Spirit by doing me Duty I
performed the daily rights so the weapon
spirit will be Swift and
wrathful with
them
death I've never used this B before
pretty cool Max
Bolter yeah nice long
range pretty good ammo on it
too Reis ready your men you droke
through we're about to take down the
neur Thro what that wasn't hard to break
through what the [__]
suffer that was a pathetic rear God
Jesus concentrate fire on the
neuro
enough oh what the hell I don't think my
damage at first was doing anything to
it take
cover oh I definitely doded
that oh there shot grenades I
forgot I haven't got fragged
oh well it's
fine Dodge Dodge oh my
god
seriously reloading weapons
munition
secured the way the [__] attacks AR
around the corner
man it's a problem and then they killed
all the homun did my allies
so I couldn't heal using my ability
right so now you have to sort of Dodge
through the waves a bit early
[__] and then you get into melee with a
c then when it falls down that this it
takes a lot of damage from the melee and
then you got to get back and I was b
l don't get close to it when it screams
like that or it will Rip you to
pieces okay now you can use your
ability you can
heal kind
of now it's doing it
[Music]
again no I messed up my timing
come on
now stay heavy down
oh you bastard me brother I need
help I can findy
that resupply
it oh go
away think it's Fallen yep
[Music]
yeah tough
fight amazing execution animation though
look at that the xenos would have felt
that for miles around Victory Is Ours
Brothers beautiful moris this is Titus
your men are clear to take the bridge by
the Primark I had little faith I would
hear from you again
when youve been joining the assault our
path leads to the Dome travel well
Brothers yeah so just more ammo and
stuff around the corners here we are
heading for the bridge status report
it's nice to win the boss fight in one
te PR are working on it now keep me
updated Brothers let us proceed
didn't really feel like
the the xen cowards a fair fight yeah go
on no time to look at the armor [__]
beautiful let none
Escape let's get into me with this
devour it looks like a death spitter
because the weapon that terance use they
either use flesh borers or
devourers and they always similar and
how they
function the fact that that sends out a
spray and it does such good damage to
armor it's definitely more akin to a
death spit but the game calls it a
Devourer so whatever I'm going to refer
to it as a Devourer it definitely looks
and acts more like a
death need to reload
definitely pop the spawn mines and that
does hurt the tyranids when you pop
those spawn mines which is beautiful
reloading not today
worri got you
for
that absolutely right special tactics
ready suicide in these
fools all of them how far to lose his
position we're still a long way from the
Dome then we must hurry
okay what's happening
now oh Space Marine armor brothers
that's something new what the [__] is
that some sort of primaris vehicle I'm
not familiar with that under control
thought you could use an extra hand oh
welcome off climb
on yeah since our Thunderhawk got shot
down
nice the temple is this way is that a
land Raider
looks kind of small the cadians are
requesting support go it's not a land
Raider is it thank you
brother it's too small to be a land
Raider it must be some sort of primaris
vehicle some new vehicle that I'm not
familiar
with ultra
Marines what are we here so this is like
the hold out Cadian hold out where
Marias the chilling no my Lord what
about the Temple of dasian the Dome was
evacuated days ago for [__] sake rejin
the main Force immediately our orders
are to remain Here on Whose Authority
Captain Fairburn we are to hold this
position until further notice the Dome
is empty now move on but S I gave you an
order forgive me my Lord perhaps there
was a communication error the captain
insisted the deserters
no no no we have our
orders box your captain if you are
deserters I'll execute you
myself Captain Fairburn come
in who are you Captain furn are these
Renegades come in
yeah Ambush Renegades
don't tell me that killed him no after
the hyped him up Sergeant verellis kill
them Space Marine
blood are we fighting chaos For the
First
Time The rubric Marines rubric Marines
creers you will burn I love it I love it
let's kill some chaos
scum creatures of the
Thousand
[__] good game
play holy [__] I'm getting melted
W teleporting around
man more
Abominations all the Beast [__]
hell oh wow these guys are so squishy
compared to turant man holy [__]
it yeah you got to dodge the the heavy
plasma shots I see oh that's cool and
just as they're about to fire their eyes
blow so it's a tell that's cool what
damage over time effect special effect
is charging up there at the top they
corrupt space interesting do not fall
pre to their trickery oh
[__] so hard to [__] approach them
now oh get out of here C
this whoa what is that all about
madlad
jeez okay I'm not [__] ready to deal
with this give me Str good God I know it
so many of them
too
I back to the wall you
close the distance using shot
block oh this is ridiculous how they
walk
away changing magazine
my armor is breached to over the
points munition secur not a fan of
this absolutely wreck you at Range man
look at this oh my
goodness holy [__]
wow that that attack comes fast as
well I see shoot them while they're
distracted it's nice how the AI don't no
no don't don't kill them let me execute
get me armor back just in case another
spawning comes real quick that's all
right your treachery ends now Titus the
captain Wow Wow on here we were just
attacked by the forces of Chaos
your certain no doubt herit
aartis and their
minions damn it do you have lose okay
sniper negative we're minutes away fight
him and get him out of there hurry hurry
what are we waiting
for yeah we'll try the
sniper I mean it's not going to be lot
of
ammo but we'll give it a
go uh actually I don't know I've got the
Plasma Pistol that might be quite good
against these
Heretics the
actual now we'll stick with the the
carbine just because it's really good at
killing the the actual Renegade gsman SL
ctist just one head shot one kill then I
can charge up the plas pistol to deal
with the
aartis you want to go into melee anyway
it seems against these rubri R Marines
keep struggling to [__] say that
rubric Marines rubric
Marines is it Rubik or rubrick can't
remember rubrick I
[Music]
think
kro Kyro
careful cover
him what's going
on I will grind your bones to dust
Kiron don't turn to
mate we will cover
tyon he's in a r he's lisking the entire
Mission he has TRS over there there are
force fields covering the exits they see
SW Zango now
here the Mele cha for
Z but the M Hur of
of course is the
Marines oh my god dude this damage is
wild you
here let us get to work
reloading
weapon what the [__] was that holy [__]
what was
that
hello what kind of bugged out physics
was going on there I don't think I meant
to be down here and I no what even
caused
that holy
[__] I am totally out of the map what
the [__] was
this okay I think I need to exit and
restart
yo where am I right
now I just want to see what
happens this is
madness what the hell triggered that
it's not like anything hit me that would
send me flying I just but I went [__]
flying didn't
I I'm more than
flew holy crap that
was quite
something
wow that was bizarre there all of
them Tyron please exit is blocked by
heretic sorcery the altar it Bears the
mark of the arch enemy destroy
it
okay that was
bizarre yeah I think maybe heavy bolt
rifles the best option sort
thing we'll see take a defensive
position we will
cover r
a [__] there ah [__] look at the
damage bloody
hell
magines get rid of all these a guns try
and stay cover while I'm doing it from
the actual Inferno BS of the
Marines a fine gift from the
forge reloading
can't
H go go get
him resupply
what's going on can we go through here
yeah no what the [__] going
on that is all of
them bring me
more the exit is blocked by heretic
sorcery this it Bears the mark of the
arch enemy is this what they're on by
the artifact destroyed look the force
Shields are
collapsing tyon move through Theon get
the [__] off real brother by the gates
of her you must calm yourself last fusel
oh yeah I love this weapon until every
last
ftic lies dead at my my f my go-to
weapon for PVE at the moment as a
sniper really really
powerful it's just a sniper rifle that
you have to charge but the charging
isn't that big of a deal really oh [__]
me hold on hold on hold on hold on hold
on hold on I have other
business
down you will need cover Move
I've never seen him lose control like
this he has put the fate of the whole
system in
jeany her and CS I want ual
no victory for you here where did the
other track
go oh you still have to use
itop i' be able to cancel the charge
there and save some ammo our sight is
clear let us cover Kyon
what's he fighting oh get out of here
you back to the war with you
[Music]
oh [__] I thought that was like a
permanent ammo oh it is it's right there
loading up there's the ammo cash
restocking why is he still fighting come
on
Chiron get a grip
run got so many marines for you
there get out of here ready to deploy
special tactics
can you see why I like this
gun seems even better against chaos and
tyranid because they like to fight at
ranged and it's easier to hit range
dudes than Warriors charging into melee
with the last fusal Sergeant check the
perimeter yes
brother explain
yourself need I justify my hatred you
need justify your
recklessness the traitors have a debt to
me and you will throw away your life to
collect death is my
duty your duty is to the
emperor you will die when and where he
so chooses they are very childish aren't
they Space Marines very childish and
that's why they need the indoctrination
of propaganda to control
them leftenant you should see this
got to be careful
Chiron lest you fall to corruption
yourself in pursuit of your damn they're
using some kind of
Shield the Alters same ones we
encountered earlier they must generate
the
shield destroy them then Purge these
Abominations from the face of this
world it seems the traitor's motives are
unmas seems yep you doubt they wish to
stop Aurora you will soon learn that
when dealing with Heretics nothing is as
it seem oh especially [__] zinch they
cried out my name but I stayed hidden my
position my rank my life is worth more
than theirs I am of the attemp to
administratum I am a bit apartmento exor
I pay for the War I am instrumental I
pass on the tides I open the purse that
keeps our defense guns let's try the
plas around they told the CST where I'm
hiding
go [__] shot it right over his
head that was a
fail I think you need the overcharge to
deal with the higher hit dudes as far as
I'm
aware let's
see not very good C right now
obstructing my ability to shoot wow The
Recoil on this thing is [__]
huge obstructing my ability to shoot and
not really protecting me not really the
ideal
wow those zangar attacks are kind of
fenetic
your Dre Aura not a fan let's SW back
why the artifact we saw in those
classified files may be a chaos origin
why wasn't it destroyed it is immensely
powerful they believe believe they can
control it are you're just going to hand
it over to lose let it continue these
are my
orders that was the orders to be
fair well at least the squad's now are
getting on board a
bit Need Me Ammo
what did they do it matters not kill
them let us tear off their lips K SE of
the and gain the notice of the changer
of
WS sounding like a horror there is
the the tower vanish
the barrier sustained by that alter no
you brick man what the [__] is that
teleport next to me and give me a
boo where bter would be quite nice to
admit
area
secure now the AL
what's up
here yeah I'm not too fussed about a
melted
bomb Tim that's
cool but really the Marines are the big
threat here not Zang gods or cultists so
I think having the last fusel to kill
them from afar is by far the most
important thing really
squish the
eyeball they are attempting to breach
the
doors no simple s [__] hell droing
grenades on their feet M themselves it
seems alive if it lives then let us
teach it of pain and death
it WS of the W raise the armor of your
contempt and snuff it
out look it shinks from us then keep
close we must disrupt the spell now
we're going to get absolutely
marauded the Heritage sent such a mega
force to meet us show them the error of
their way
more Abominations that wish to die leave
these monstrosities to
me special tactics ready
oh little [__] man they do a lot of
damage when they do that
leaping can stop us let us relieve them
of their
delusions hold this
ground your worthless life is
end the [__] teleporting is so so
annoying when I'm trying to charge this
thing
up God dang
it what is that
back to the war with you
reloading
weapon munition secured
the
emperor that champion be
this is hard uh chaos are
hard these marines are a nightmare
shooting you from
afar and the Zango seem very aggressive
as well they do their little combo omos
do not do for Magnus and
his okay as Hollow as your Boren
Brothers you at least can
[__] sake shoot that thing yeah
yeah all right hold
on oh jeez
man the teleport kicks are deadly why
the [__] do the kicks do so much damage
you here
AB
fire take out the
for IM
Amusement get
him no I want to rescue
him quickly destroy
it I'll get plenty more opportunities to
execute him I suppose
their sorcery is undone left tenant
Titus the Lance of Joe status report we
are patched up on on our way see you at
the
objective the emperor
protects Lance of Jo is our Thunderhawk
yeah Lance of Jo stand by for
extraction
affirmative all right let's see what the
situation is then
you just knock on the door the emperor
open the
[Music]
doors just somebody's own chilling in
there Mor loose
I owe you my existence come with us
sounds like the battle BGE compliance
but I must speak with Arch megas noik at
once he's
dead dead yeah you are to replace
him lose
big de for
lose big day brother you thought you
were dead next minute you're
promoted can you
imagine but you know fair that you new
job and couple of galaxies might lose
their existence
the power
source it's
dangerous I have spent my life studying
it I assure you it's quite safe in the
right hands arrogance arrogance why must
the mechanicus meddle with the unknown
we follow the wheel of the
omnis go ahead Titus
report to Captain aaran immediately on
arrival confirmed
Titus a captain Titus was killed on the
Forge World of graa over a century ago
he died holding the power source in his
hands not even that an aartis could
survive power of that magnitude
but look at that
jawline that's a Chad
St if I've ever seen
one morus loose come with
me is if we got a
sequel how many years later is this the
Space Marine One absolutely ridiculous
[Music]
not only did we get a sequel it
basically worked on and improved all the
mechanics from the original how rare is
that I feel like it's a very common meme
SL Trope that sequels are Never As Good
As the
original very rarely when you think
about movies it's pretty rare that a
sequel is better than the original if
the original was
good if the original was [__] then yeah
sure a sequel can improve it it's often
the same with video games not always and
this is clearly one of those exceptions
and it's a beautiful thing to behold do
you know what's the worst when you you
get it with music you listen to a song
or a whole album by an artist and you're
like wow this is
amazing and then you listen to more of
the discography and none of it is as
good oh what a let down
man I
will my next
flight okay so time to go report to
Captain
aaran what was that between you and L
irrelevant I disagree that is your right
brother we only want to help you help
brother I am you the mission and now you
speak of
help Titus is fuming
let's see what akar's got to say about
all
this about some
chaos presenting themselves Asar forces
report multiable contact with
rubri
rubric wow that's an interesting plural
for rubric Marines
lord they're showing up in every hi City
on avax we're already overstretched by
the
tyranids the traitors have us off
guard the adept's mechanic has tell me
Aurora is ready they say the weapon will
work so I know your concerns Titus but
we may have no choice can we at least
warn Cal of the danger
impossible the astropath relay on avax
has been completely
surrounded oh
dear every attempt break through the
teret lines has failed can we Vox a
message in there's a dead zone around
the Rel something's interfering with our
voxcom we have to get inside Emperor
save me I've tried now the tyranids have
launched an attack on our defenses we're
pulling back
we'll make our final stand
there Battlefield
projection magnify
C3 where are
you there The Hive Tyrant we've had no
reports it's there we kill it we break
the synaptic connection Titus what you C
like rats a hive Tyrant a worthy
adversary and if you're wrong if it's is
not there I cannot afford to throw men
out how do he [__] know he there two
squads two squads we need to kill the
hive Tyrant find whoever is yamming us
and get the message inside the
relay six men that's all I can spill use
them wisely thank you the emperor
protects this is interesting so one of
the operations is to kill a hive
Tyrant but you so that means these guys
the main Trio don't kill the hi to what
the hell are they doing then in the
metime an incursion could go unnoticed
with all this interference
weird man I'd really been putting off
fighting chaos I fought so many tyranids
and that was the first time I've ever
fought chaos if the wishes to see you
because of my
transgressions I will take full
responsibility I gave no report I have
yet to decide if you acquire formal
ten jerus was blindsided by a wer ctis
he sled the
enemy Titus the captain has put great
faith in you with this Mission should
you reach the relay your message to Lord
kelar May determine the course of this
war choose your words wisely you doubt
my
intentions it is your actions I will
judge I need not remind you of the
consequences you suffered the last time
if you cannot trust in the will of the
primarch then you are unfit for this
Duty
is that it wow that was brief and not
really very insightful it seems I am not
the only one on this ship with concerns
about your intentions it is the
chaplain's responsibility to ensure our
chapter remains pure not yours your
eratic behavior is plain for all to
see and now I find you have a history of
it I am doing my duty as I was then
protecting a system from ruin
[__] gets complicated man especially
when you got systems all over the
place competing for interests and
fighting different
threats new War
gear let us have a luck
there he is Lieutenant gallo and I were
just examining your recent diagnostic
Gallo I object to such
intrusions as do I but there are queries
I must fulfill I seek only
answers your survival is a profound
mystery that must be resolved such
unbridled curiosity is the gateway to
ruin wow but that is where you are
mistaken ruin is all around us but I
will soon depart for the Aurora facility
on the marum and there I shall close all
gateways to ruin permanently yeah that's
not good wording
mate oh yeah now I unlock the plasma
incinerator cuz I picked it up in a in a
mission yeah fine whatever
um what should we go
with oh I can't I can't just grab the
the last fusel there oh that's
sad yeah we'll take the
[Music]
melter and a Plasma
Pistol and the chain
sword let's just move
on leftenant the squad is ready we are
yours to command leftenant the astropath
relay on abrax is under direct assault
if it falls so do our hopes of
reinforcement we will engage in a threo
operation to break the xenos command
restore Vox and secure the relay we will
not fail you not one of us can afford to
fail this day prepare for deployment I
will transmit Mission details on
descent yeah so it's three teams are
free decapitation and Vox
liberales okay right yes sir two extra
operations get unlocked
there
cool yeah so one of the teams kills the
hi tan one of them restores the Box
comes so what the [__] are we
doing the adeptas mechanicus insist on
deploying Aurora despite the potential
dangers posed by its power source the
ultramarines must stand ready to respond
around this should this latent threat
manifest transmit a warning to chapter
Master Manus
calgar so yeah we we're doing the
message to calar yeah so to do that we
need to get to the astropath relay so
one of them killed the hi trr to disrupt
the tyranids the other one dealt with
whatever was blocking and jamming the
Vox uh caster which is probably his each
thing and um approaching drop yeah we
need to actually send them message now
then at the astropath
relay leftenant it should be us facing
the high of tyrant tasa can handle it
they have three men we should be with
them but you have us playing Courier
that message has to get
through and what exactly is that message
speak your mind
brother I searched the
archives you were once captain of the
second company and then you disappeared
over a century ago I was serving with
the Death
Watch there would be
records not for a black shield a black
shield you would erase your chapter
markings I would die for these colors
then
why I was
accused it was my parents what were you
accused
of
corruption bra for
landing move
[Music]
out Kyo needs to be careful man I can
see him turning into a con
Berserker delta wing box
check RM here still on our
gunship tasa has landed and soon a
tyrant will fall acknowledged proceeding
to relay maintain Vox reports Dam's out
the astropath relay is 4 mil from here
expect heavy tyranid presence what of
the arch enemy sporadic reports but they
are here Men of Honor do we fear the B
xenos than hammer at our
door damn right for we are the K
serous and Rel a bade
and nice nice look at the [__] size
of the B blade our home li de AC Jesus
Christ that is a big T do we relent
no want to see
a is that aing death that threaten the
sacred
SOI whatever he
is life in the name of our holy Emperor
sir yes sir will you give your life in
the name of
all of the name of our holy you have
disgraced yourselves by abandoning your
brothers your punishment is
there's a Comm enemy will execute
them com is so
cool blessed Emperor I have failed you I
beg of you that you forgive my
cowardice I love this I love the
immersion look at that look at the
[__]
hydras in the background
there the
stink you know done entering the for
blackout D St understood out Empress
safe watch your tongue gsman mon forgive
me what did he say I don't even know
what he
said I was admiring the
vehicles
Chiron if we encounter chaos forces you
need not concern yourself with me
leftenant disappear like that again and
you'll be facing the master of the watch
I understand sir why did you not tell us
of your Penance earlier it was not your
business and now it is you have made it
so through suspicion and
injury o look at all the
Weaponry we're quite happy we can take a
multer yeah they're jammed my Lord
damage from the last attack
stand
aside
flexing wonder how much space r can over
behind us yes my Lord close the gates
the Rel is ahead through the arch for
engage get
him smash him
they just keep
coming melters are so good against spams
of haras
it's a thing of
beauty all right we need to get in
melee reload
oh you little
[__] Target destroyed
are you kidding me this thing isn't dead
yet
F all right I didn't do that much damage
that's fine
bman
St the spores collapse the bridge
there's no way through I may have an
alternate route proceed transmitt to or
specs now we'll need to clear this
debris yeah that multi melter helped a
lot there that was a
lot a lot of hommers to kill them
the PA is
clear I do like that little invention in
gaming the dynamic loading screens like
that will make short
work
indeed dead
yeah Focus the [__] annoying teras in
the back
pain whoo whoo
whoo dude [__] ter against man they
are doing so much damage to me is
ridiculous
reloading power
back I think we found our
exit reing our brothers are getting
hammered down
there that a win we have given the
infernal zenos A fitting burial it is
not
dead Enlighten Us La Titus the Swarm
will go parallel without their
connection to the hide M but their focus
is still on the
Reay ports confirm the left tenant's
assessment enemy cohesion is still in
full effect that Beast is not yet dead
our word is bed this void sport Behemoth
has seen its last day
couldn't resist killing a few of those
GS
then you do get a lot of ammo in
campaign
though
yeah to
reload okay man they're so tanky when
they got the red
eyes
by reloading
weapon got
you
reload lay waste to them
brothers oh why have I got heavy pistol
I don't want
that
reloading fing devour whatever you want
to call them ready to deploy special
tankles
psycho it's not dead or was there a
second Get Wrecked
here ammunition
another
one yeah there's another
one to
reload oh you little
bastard Str
get onto these things holy [__] man the
range
damage secured do
not would you get out of here
God that was intense
resupply loading ammunition the emperor
protects grabbing
equipment could have done with the frag
grenades a little earlier but sure
my bad I suppose for not seeing them
sooner
oops so there's no genan stealers in
this game what's that all
about feel like that's a big
shame nice stim
the door is in
operative is there an alternate route
yes but it would add considerable time
then we must find the power and restore
it what's going on
here we have power
what open the door just that easy Sal
about what was the point of this big
delay
what we will not get past this here come
the SP
mines aoon that thrums with
promise this is
weird is the door like not going to open
as we get over to it something's going
to
happen also what's with all of
this oh you little
[__] God drill that was
stupid there we go dat declare evidence
crates found in sector 55 of the upper
Hive contain 12 volumes of dubiously
heretical works also recovered dubious
14 Type L rifles eight LZ pistols
various
designs the serial numbers are filed
off heretical symbols are to the surface
of the
weapons supporting the evidence can be
destroyed in accordance with Invasion
protocols traces of the cult in the game
that have long since taken route in the
hive the M thought that he reached the
highest levels why that guy got his head
on fire going on there s are so m in
their intrigues that they warmed and
nured the roots of heresy within their
walls well the fire of Retribution is
already consuming them the punishment of
the emperor is
inevitable end of record what is going
on here
man the Heretics mean to stop us to all
appearances yes elaborate the traitor
legion's Legacy of deception goes back
10,000 years they are masters of it they
are clearly here to stop Aurora I am not
convinced there is more to this I am
sure of it their motives matter not I
will kill them just the same yeah that's
fair enough
Kiron I think that's a good
shout it's best not to deliber it a lot
of the time kill them all special
tactics ready
changing
magazine what the
[__] your worthless life
is reload
oh
man God look the
damage trying to heal for a bit boys to
be the beauty of that [__] ability
it's so
strong Titus has
look at that double hit with the last
fusel beautiful to
witness Bas pistol yay this will serve
me
well I love Plasma
Pistol let's go that
versatility munition secured you be
[Music]
wanting wonder if I can save
these they never
learn come on
gasman finish him off you
fools what's the Kera doing it's just
[__] chilling there what is all these
guys are getting wrecked come on now
K
resupplying my boys are being ripping
into pieces in the
meantime oh I guess they're fighting one
another and in the chaos again consume
that as well if they kill each other all
the better
indeed what are they shooting
at all right I see well [__] hell
what these guys have got like missile
launchers what the [__] let's shut him
up with
that [__] that what he's not dying man
is this like a
Terminator what on Earth
that was four head shots was it
not finally
god
wow what the hell are these guys
man these have to be Terminator
variant let's close in on the buers
get out of here
man black missiles are kind of
problematic last very good
though end of
theall jeez what the
[__] yes give me the ammo please they
take five five head shots to
stun good
grief don't look forward to fighting
them in PVE
mode what is going on here it's a big
open arena there
we should turn around and regroup with
the main
Force what cuz the way is
blocked D us to resilient requesting
gamma Pat and Hammer for Bunker on my
location immediately you need to jump
request confirmed
standby there's our
entry that's qu quite a
shot d m to tasa
report if tasa fails to take out the
hive
Tyrant then our little Excursion was all
for
not what the hell are they
is this like another piece of primaris
tech or is this normal tech for Space
Marines
Now call in like a drop pod with missile
launchers oh yeah is that a thing now
drop pods have of guns to incur when
there Glory Center Stage hey Sergeant
our brothers are dying while we sneak
around in the shadows if we fail to send
this message we Face a
massacre you know tyranids man can't
really deal with them in straight up
combat it's a
bitti you say there will be a masser how
do you know that why else would the tra
be trying so hard to stop
us our leftenant said it
himself there's the deception at
work if you got something to say
[Music]
Sergeant J
only the jump back was that good in
operations mode it's [__] [__] I
don't know what they were
thinking for some
reason you know the the jump range that
we had in that early mission with the
jump pack it's only about a fifth of
that in PVE you can barely jump up at
all it's very odd and then PVP is really
good
again I don't know why they thought it'd
be too good oh okay a big frame lost
there Jesus
[Music]
Christ that was nice the GoPro and the
gargoyle got go go bro
[Music]
ultramarines gadel you're not
thinking I still you
you are an ultim
now
yes clearing the away
Target
destroy holy [__] I
actually former defens actually kept the
uh the Gman alive for a change Force the
bridge you well what we're
doing wa
good what is going
on oh [__] hell I forgot I've got a
jump pack and it's not PVE so it works
really well now I told forgot I have
that Jesus
Christ what an
egot got you Space Marines for
the we will not make it in time
Jesus
man pack
engage reloading
oh my
goodness my weapon
is I hate these devour ones
man absolute
nightmare damage they do is
insane another one
dead gidan do you read
[Music]
signal is being jammed as the captain
suspected tasa report the vile scen are
slicks tasa you cut out
repeat
palasa three objectives none have been
achieved no going back now
dud where we
going where do we
go oh up
here
redeploy munition secured
keep on
your
engaging they never
learn oh what the [__] get hit by a
Venom Cannon
Jesus
man
reposition he definitely got to clear
all the range
first REO no where's my ability oh it's
a jump now not the heal
[__] got
you oh you bastard honestly time to get
up these devourers are
ridiculous engaging PR
never let this
ship
oh how did the tyranid Warriors even get
up here man for [__]
sake I wonder if Warriors now in TT can
get um can get wings I know hyp ter can
get
wings I don't think Warriors can right
that'd be
crazy see I'm not sure what's going on
exactly all that I'm not I'm not sure if
you take fall damage in this
game I'm going to need
a
trouble all right moving
on still no ammo for my last fusal
and no healing ability big
sound yeah we'll take
the comp are struggling with all this
dust really a [__]
it we got the uh the ammo cach there so
we'll take the last Fus all back
actually let us get very annoying
sound
engaged it's still working why is it got
to make that
noise come back f with dust we must
proceed on foot ter
say the enemy have breached our lines
tasa has failed Li tenant what are your
orders we fight at lost
a come on
to man a couple [__] hogot hit me and
that's it boom all your HP gun it's
ridiculous
protect have not
still that destroyed
this
way gine you need to finish that [__]
upy do not let them up
need
ammunition servant of the emperor and
you will chased my
wrath [__] me
my armor
is loading
up for
the PA of Zone props again Focus firing
me detonation
get the [__] out of here now there's a
car
effects your hands cover
oh my goodness
stop fire on the counter
got sustain heavy
damage now we'll do with that counter
effects in a second let's get rid of
this
[__] [__] off man what on
Earth I what oh [__] it revived
me did it make me use my guardian Relic
I didn't want to use
it oh I can
effect too early on the
tdch special tactics ready
another one
dead my armor is I thought I DOD it
then [__] is that about
will you stop canif
effect a fine gift from the
for oh you
bastard help
every B was what we
needed Christ almighty
man it's a lot of dead tyranids I'm
going to be making good progress towards
that achievement to go 41,000 enemies in
the game
still
coming what the hell is
this what there's another
counter
bro what the hell is
this not more devourers hate devour is
that two counter piix no way what on
Earth
this is
insanity
Christ they kill the oh thank [__] I
going to say there's no way this is
going to be so
hard The Hive Tyrant was controlling
these underlings via synaptic link the
turmoil you now see among the enemy can
mean only one thing the hi holy [__]
[Applause]
Meridian here if you can hear this dles
we got the
bastards excellent work brother any
contact with
tasa tasa to dles the alien contaminates
our world no
longer left Helen Titus to relay area
secure open the
gates Jesus man
let's
go I'll be
down Space
Marines I think I could have took the
two carif effects don't worry about that
I think I'd have had that no
problem well forth Brothers I will make
sure the captain hears of your Deeds I
need no
Commendation is that right
enough
liutenant upon completion of this
Mission I request transfer to another
Squad I will pass your request to the
captain
okay we got any data slits hanging
around
here this guy saying a quick prayer
doesn't appear to be any data
Slants yeah burn those [__] don't let
them reclaim the biomass
easily d right
here reaching the Tower of the adeptus
astr telepathica was far too easy as if
none are aware of the war raging beyond
their walls I interrogated several
attendants all of whom denied knowledge
of the Thousand Sons or any cultist
activities Within These Walls obviously
all potentially heretical topics were
outright denied or refuted I have
requested to see the choirs of
astropaths relaying their psychic misses
across the Galaxy waiting for my guide I
noticed many lingering
glances away as I the minds of psychos I
being watched I know what
for despite my lack of despite their
dismissals the Thousand sons have
infiltrated this
facility yeah
you shouldn't be here I have a message
from Manus calgar I cannot help you it's
urgent in addition to the shadow cast in
The Warp by the tyranids Demonic forces
are now poised to attack anyone who
opens their minds to the
warp you would flee from your duty I
would have you know
give me your
[Music]
message astropaths have some crazy
Powers I have
it she going to have to be protected now
for a long time the danger is too great
silence I wonder if we fight Horrors I
don't think there are any Horrors you
know the Demons of zch that would be
cool yes burn your
sensor and then a lot of thousand suns
are going to come spawning in aren they
all around her
the
[__] don't think that's normal what they
normally use blood magic astropaths not
sure about
that maybe they [__] do I don't know
don't know how astropaths
work that's a new one on me
this is such a good rendition of thought
Tok
though what does she mean
go please some she isn't getting pess
what is
this I do not know you wish to bring
here that you may kill him
heretic heretic you will betray us as
you betray
them
lice arrest him he means to kill him
Lieutenant griel I am no heretic the
power of stone by himself he must be
stoed kill the kill him
enough kill
him kyon's going to be deliberating
isn't
he did he actually just get shot no way
no oh my
God the Bol pistol was from
tyon holy
[__] oh what on Earth is going
on the astropath was
corrupted how gracefully you
dance it was all a deception look at
that flying disc of Z
Bight let's do
it
imura what sickly pleasure to B beyond
the
immaterial my thanks to thee
dear
tit so long I so inaccurate while moving
you be you look very pretty Mr
Zin on your disc look at him whing
around
we all right all right hell yeah yeah
you've got psychic powers I can see
don't need to flex on
me what is going on what the [__] is
that holy [__]
hello
zangles good day he jumped through the
[__] wall cheating little wret that's
why I stopped parrying I thought a
behind a wall there I'll be protected
apparently
not apparently not you just boot them
away and get armor
back what is this imura [__] whing on
about shut up
shut up over there
L I'm making that mistake again there
you go rip that Zango booes oh [__]
they've got flamers that's why they got
burning skulls they've got
flamers Champion getting close
[Music]
oh [__]
me it's not a big warning there
is there more ammo
reloading oh my God man this
guy oh I got to get back [__] [__] [__]
[__] [__] so when he flies to the middle
you got to get behind here before you
get blinded
oh [__] hell
man one 2 three
stomp jeez man these zos are reaping Me
Up Get Away would
you man
oh don't stand on the shield you little
prick they've got some range them jeez
this is
hard no no no no no
no your treachery ends now
loing so his Shields as well his little
purple Shields they're only at certain
Sid of him so you still shootting you
just got to get around the
angle no stop that bad
boy oh God
a you naughty naughty
saucer back to the
W man these
Jesus Christ
man no where's the ammo ammo cash ammo
cash what the
heck oh [__]
damn that was
close bloody hell the teleport into the
[__] kick in the face is the the
worst thing ever why the hell does that
do so much damage it's like 60% of my
health gone just from teleporting and
booting me in the face it's absurd
[Music]
I assure you it will be
brief let us play the
game Power theal ground [__] hell man
compr yeah I shouldn't have you have t e
hel its Essence in your hands
this is when you get
him I'm being super super super super
greedy
is it can hook me in interesting I
didn't know that was going to be a thing
the vo sangos go away you're too
much the infinite
honestly W through the [__] wall
again what is with this wall it doesn't
do
anything oh my good Lord
reloading here he goes
again
reload [__] alire man
it's moving faster than my bullets can
shoot need more
ammo you got to be very patient here you
really do you got to be
patient not be patient enough at all
off you little Nom Nom skulls
I've sustain heavy
damage what for the grenade
man oh man they
lost I pressed jump but didn't do it all
right need to be more
patient more patience is
needed God damn it
we can just B pistol the initial
skulls then hide if he uses his big
BL I assure you it will
be you get a couple of shots yes let us
play the game
power
the this instantly F my armor off man
God damn it you have Ted it oh yeah and
then hide hide why did I forget about
this
it extending
Define then you get a big hit in here
he forbade us from tasting our first
right look into the void for just a
moment and you will see the infinite
Wonder clearing the way
God damn
it their Champion lies defeated
see R grenade
out
restocking is that a crack grenade yeah
yeah
no victory for you
here magazine man how's that hitting me
come on [__] sake
have I gone down
yet there you go I got in the center
time to
hide that's on you fast
dude did I hit him yes
now they got
him fing zos man they're so
annoying oh I was just about to get the
gun execute
[__] that would have been
brilliant come
on he's spawning more
one
Ground God the range are nice
nice your treachery ends now
not give him any chance to finish him
off at all
yeah I went
for reload
[__] back to the
W he vulnerable
oh [__] off what now he's got another
form no
way holy
[__] oh my God he's got a second
form
oh what the hell is that I thought the
[__] hi tant was a problem oh [__]
the checkpoint though it's a
checkpoint oh my God got no ammo
[__] this is insane exting
they'd be making straight up [__]
Dark Souls 2 bosses out
here think you need a Freeman team to
take down holy [__] I wonder if there's
opportunity to hit him with bullets at
some point if so
when like there when he focuses on the
Buddy sort of Dodge the s a bit
yeah yeah
yeah oh
okayu you are what a flicker in this
universe your Imperium a single rancid
breath in time a single rancid breath in
time
dodge dodge dodge oh he caught me [__]
you get that purple around you oh wow
and it just shreds you if he catches you
without lift you up holy
[__] thank God there's a checkpoint I
don't have to do both modes in one go
jeez that would have been a
problem that would be a
problem oh
wow I the Dodge
power dodge dodge dodge DOD Dodge just
in time oh that's a great window if you
dodge it it's brutal if you don't Dodge
it but if you dodge it it's a big
window to
reload okay so you can Parry the first
one you have to dodge the second one
when he throws his Cy at
you there'll be some visual tells like
right there I seen the orange but I
didn't need to dodge cuz he were just
doing a close range swing to my
Ally you are but a flicker in this
universe so you could do oring him to
get more damage on him when he has that
moment when he tries to do his
levitation spell and fails
it like right there so right there you
should be aspecting
him I seem to recover from it faster
that
time so you can dodge the first one but
then he goes for a second one you've got
to roll it doesn't give you a
q I find
interesting
I I feel like there's going to be hordes
coming
later no oh you little rat
dude look at the damage oh my goodness
he nearly one shots
you a I went for the gun strike and I
shouldn't
have I wanted to heal that off of my
ability but now
I dare test the power upon me by the
great changer of
ways can he come out of his little
zipping around with a non-arable attack
I'm not
sure if not you know to Parry and not
try and
Dodge of Imperial fly BL yourselves with
fantasies of
Victory what he
doing just big AE
he's trying to escape do not let him oh
[__] little
[__] did he escape I don't
know Lieutenant Titus come in this is
Titus chaos forces have been detected
entering the system they are going after
Aurora we are leaving for demium
immediately how did you know I was a boy
on Cal when the word bear is attacked
I came to know the mark of
chaos we're returning to the battle
bodge he got you gadriel I understand
your actions but your suspicions end
here are we
clear yes
sir yeah so they got to the astropath
too quick
so no message for the uh to be sent out
for reinforcements then [__]
hell good boss
fight second form probably easier than
the first form in all h
once you get over the initial shock of
him diving in at you in melee it's quite
easy to handle him there I think you do
get a lot more damage when you use your
Bolter as
well pretty good stuff first form's
really hard mostly because Zango are a
[__] they're such a pain they're even
worse than homon at least if you kill a
warrior you will pop all the nearby
homigot when you kill him you kill a a
marine it doesn't do anything the Zango
are the Renegade
guard so yeah it's not great and then
the Zango have shields as well so you
can't even spray them down with Boles
easily God
damn this is
Aurora within the last few hours traitor
forces have arrived in their hundreds
and Commander the
facility
Commander where is lose
inside what they have the facility lose
and the power
source holy
Terror perhaps you were right
Titus what's up theoretical we've
diverted all available forces to Dem
Marium but we're well below F strength
we prepared an assault but it has little
chance of success unless we take care of
this they're using it to draw in
reinforcements for every one of of them
we kill two more show up in their place
it's heavily guarded I'll need a combat
Squad five men I can spare high five
it's so specific next the enemy seem to
be drawing their power from this
structure what is it we don't know every
attempt to bring it down has
failed your squad has developed a
reputation for unconventional approaches
any ideas
I've read of
tarum it's a burial
World 4,000 years ago there was a clash
between the ultramarines and the
Heretics the sword of Atrius a battle
barge wrecked in the fighting was laid
to rest here what of it records state
that while its body was ruined its
engines burned bright even as it was
interred yeah sounds zy right it may not
fly
but it might Ram a long shot to say the
least yeah that does sound like a
[__] long shot man very well then
navigation systems are probably
dead we can't afford to miss he's right
some of them will need to get close to
the Target and place a beacon so this is
another operation in 90 minutes the
emperor G you brothers and you sir I
want to see akaran in combat that'd be
cool would it
[Music]
liutenant Titus see me on the crew deck
at once as you wish
chaplain ensure Brothers Chiron and
gadriel are in attendance
using an ancient battle barge as a
battering round an unorthodox approach
very unorthodox approach on the contrary
it is inspired thinking I reluctantly
second that why reluctantly because it
will go to your
head some people don't need their egos
elevated
got to remember that Titus I am troubled
by a report I have received from the
Astro telepathica an accusation of
heresy voice was peted by her the
liutenant will answer the psycho was
possessed your sergeant believed
otherwise I was mistaken you attempted
to incapacitate your liutenant thank the
emperor I failed and now the only
individual capable of reaching Lord
galgar is
dead by your hands I will be watching
all of you should I suspect even a
flicker of corruption I will not
hesitate as you
did you are
dismissed oh here are all of the Chap's
dialogues is it always what was spoken
by the chap
Brothers we have arrived at the maral
under Hawks immediately and prepare for
assault time to go
[Music]
the enemy have amassed the majority of
their forces in the numer alian Basin
tasa has the warp Beacon Veridian is
hoping for a miracle the rest of us will
move to clear the Relic quaries around
the Basin and establish a beach head we
are facing overwhelming enemy numbers on
De marial but the heretic filth down
there have stirred the Wrath of the
second company we will inflict upon the
traitor such agony
seen since the burning of
Prospero they will suffer they will
break and they will fall sons of Gan
they ched T us blessings of the onire
upon you Gallo theoretically could
tactica armor withstand a suborbital
drop gravis is too cumbersome for our
needs negative extreme risk dense debris
feels litter the entry flight path but
if if we avoid the debris could we
survive The Descent
calculating survival probability equal
to 62.
4136 unacceptably low thank you
Gallo an orbital drop without gravis
armor Brothers a captain's words need no
further embellishment I will speak only
of practical concerns
the Heretics will employ absolute
deception you will be assaulted by lies
and illusion the only true ground you
will find down there will be each other
trust only your brothers yeah that was
nice how they got the deception of Zin
right in there go for and lay was to our
enemies praying on any doubts in faith
that people have
de
merium the enemy has taken control of
the adeptus mechanicus facility with L
inside under the direction of imura
trait forces repel any attempt at
recapture overcome this resistance and
prevent the activation of project
Aurora have you ever done this before
you me dropped through an active combat
zone dodging Flack enemy ships and
burning wreckage on the way down
exactly no this will be first the Codex
of starting does not support this
action but I am looking forward to
it cat real stay close it's almost
impossible to regroup if we're separated
remember guys 60 seconds an open mind is
like a fortress with it Gates un bar and
I'm
guarded I must apologize my actions on
ours
unnecessary I fell prey to suspicion
almost killed
him when I was a young Captain one of my
men questioned my motives crushed his
concerns
aside and I paid the
price your suspicions arose because I
failed to answer your
doubts as I failed to answer
his stand by for some to drop I'm
honored to fight beside you boss as are
we
brother you grew up on
Cal someone dead
today ni
sir and I'm guessing chaos destroyed it
home
br ult
okay oh keep up with all this debris we
must navigate by sight oh I can go down
we will now
Focus oh this is ridiculous why is this
a
thing you just wanted to show off how
good you are at making space assets did
you Dev right okay this is a poor excuse
for game play
oh
dear that's a lot of uh Naval crew
flying through
space why is the sound we're in space
what
physics what is that that was a hell dck
wasn't
it [__] h
you Tak Emperor bless Jesus Christ
man this is just a constant experience
of near-death encounters over and over
and over again it's almost
traumatizing I suppose that's the life
of a Space Marine though isn't it
it's pretty clear above we shall make
short work wow straight away we're into
combat I was going to end the episode we
will do so when I can on the uh combat
stops and all these Zango are dispatched
man I hate Zango did I ever tell you
guys oh [__] I've got a thunder hammer
right now what oh that's nice against
Zango
yay yay for that thund hammer is really
weird in this game it does really quite
pitiful single Target damage but against
WS of zangar it's quite good it's a big
broomstick you swing it around and yeah
it uh pops things look at my [__]
Health already
though God damn it man
hit by last guns for a mile away waiting
go sake help maneuver
them
bye-bye flipping heck
guys flipping
heck should we try that again and I've
got a jump back this time so I should
use that to help clear out a lot of
zenos
magaz waiting in Ambush help maneuver
them
wow there's so
many God damn
it oh he's so slow
man back to
the moving oh these are dead
okay get out of
here can't even see what's hitting
me wow the Las gun if they hit you do a
lot of damage
man
jeez thank God they die
fast that's pretty
scary oh my goodness magazine redeploy
my health again
your treachery ends
now yeah fa the last guns holy [__] no
victory for you here many goddamn Venom
cannons there
are oh God reload one of those
Terminator missile dudes again [__] oh
man this is hard repositioning this is
very hard
I missed
terator mition
secured oh my
goodness that is so stupid
man it's
annoying
honestly it s takes so long to charge
that thing up this is why the assault is
really bad in PvP the time to kill in
PvP is really low and that right there
happens all the time freaking
PVP you're charging up your
damn oh my God now this is all kind of
ring into pieces
a enemy Terminator
destroy way is clear make haste tasa
will be watching for our
toing that pillar of corruption perverts
the
land wonder why they didn't add Horrors
to the game status obviously I get the
Zar thing they they fulfill that melee
chaff roll a lot better than horror
ready to launch it shall be done little
Squad of Horrors is of elite thing make
sense not
today well there you go looks like a
little bit of a checkpoint I've actually
got quite a lot of Health back I'm not
sure how exactly but uh there you go we
are going to leave it there
[Music]
this has been chaotic in the truest of
sense
s that's going to be off from me I can't
take any more right now I need to go get
a cup of tea top it's signing out
[Music]
oh